but hey who goes
welcome again this channel which
call to speak that my name is Alberto and
I have a very special guest, I am
channel fan the words of youtube
the referee's time reading and
then the plan consists of several
questions related to your habit of
reading then we started I think that
It is important to say that our
t-shirts look a lot like the holidays
came with that and remember that I have
this one that looked like he did and the search and
I changed
do not
the first question says you have some
specific place in your house to read
my bed or in the room or in the kitchen
or in the room
me neither
the second question and fits separately
used separator or a piece of paper
paper that are always few tips
so it's not like we do not care about the
ticket or a very important paper you can
stop reading because I need to have you
after finishing a chapter a
a certain number of pages like that
you can stop achieving more
this if I can stop reading just like that
but I like to finish in a chapter I
as well
good if for the things that for pleasure if
that's how I read it until the chapter
for those of the school is as far as I
stay
so clear
yes
comerso you take something while you read sometimes
if it is required if I have many jobs
late and I need to eat and I have to
read it at the same time I do not believe with vero
but that's why I say but for pleasure
like sometimes if I'm taking something but
no to everything
I do not the thing that is going to fall and in the
book
can listen to music or watch tv while
you read
acoustic sometimes but I prefer our
way for the mobile you do not get distracted
I know it shows is not that like that too
I read at school if it counts in the
hallway and with people noise I prefer
I prefer quietly but it does not matter
is one book at a time or several several like that
yes because he is reading several and he starts
a book and which are themselves normally
four thousand in four books at a time and
do not get confused you usually said things
very different
I prefer to read nothing solid at the same time
but suddenly this book normally
you read at home or anywhere in
any place I prefer to speak in my
house but the best place is in my
house in the other place the library
it's a little bit
in the library on its own because it's
very cold and I always listen to people
so
That 's right, but many of them are expected
so I prefer to read instead where
there is a lot of noise because it 's like that
the next initial question is you
like to read aloud water in your mind
we do not know high and I am alone in my
fourth jump like this
It is very fun and more with the encouragement in
English because I practice a lot if by
example was reading the books of
French position out loud
can be heard not to be read
then it is different but yes yes yes
but yes it is
of the books you keep as new
the treatment but it is mistreated
It's not like those who do not but it's not like that
how are there credits
and the last question is to write in
your books yes a lot very much there
I have books that babies have and everything
the margin thus annotated with a jet of
things
to
before I stressed
that you have a whole text
usually
I mean
and this is over
I'm going to put it down here
I think we saw it in I must say two but
I do not know whose original it is and I think
that's all for study I hope that you
have liked this video
do not forget to subscribe, give here
comment to see more ball videos that
we have a video on the channel leave in
her face
and we have to make the tie of kisses
and the author doctors were very funny
and characters
Let's see
and ready
I was fast it was because we were with
the incentive to go to dinner
Since young